h1. Welcome to FeedChamp

p. FeedChamp is a light-weight RSS Feed Agregator programmed in Camping.
It's really just an experiment right now, but perhaps you will find
it useful.


h2. Installation

FeedChamp depends on the following gems:

bc.   camping
  simple-rss
  sqlite3-ruby

If you have problems installing the sqlite3 gem see "this":http://code.whytheluckystiff.net/camping/wiki/BeAlertWhenOnSqlite3

Once you have the dependencies installed copy @feedchamp.rb@ into the
directory of your choice, create a configuration file,  and start the
camping server:

bc. camping -d feedchamp.db .


h2. Configuration

Configuration for FeedChamp is simple. Just create a YAML file in the
same directory that feedchamp.rb is installed and call it @config.yml@.

Here is a sample configuration file:

bc.   title: My Feed Planet
  feeds:
    - http://firstwebsite.com/feed.rss
    - http://secondwebsite.com/feed.rss

Once you do that, make 2 more files;

* password.dont.commit with a single line containing a password, like omgmypassword
* secret.dont.commit with a single line containing a session seed, like makdnasjndas

h2. Deployment

When you are ready to deploy FeedChamp see "this":http://code.whytheluckystiff.net/camping/wiki/TheCampingServer

h2. FAQ

*Q: Why do I get a SimpleRSS error about private variables?*
A: Because the version of SimpleRSS you have doesn't work right with Ruby 1.9.  I have one that
does.  Here it is:

bc. git clone git://github.com/hank/simple-rss.git

*Q: I got some error!  OMG Who do I tell!?!?*
A: Me.  ralree at geeee male.  Include FeedChamp in the Subject line.

h2. License

FeedChamp is released under the MIT license and is copyright (c) 2006-
2009 John W. Long. A copy of the MIT license can be found in the
@LICENSE@ file.

This software is a derivative of FeedChamp forked by Erik Gregg in 2010.
It is also bound by the included @LICENSE@ file.

Also, I gladly used Manfred Stienstra's "Basic Authentication for Camping":http://www.fngtps.com/2006/05/basic-authentication-for-camping to do the auth.  It made it really easy, and with some ruby magic, I didn't even have to commit the password!
